[Music]
jack
jack i was waiting for you have you got
a minute
sure edward what's up you want to put
some muscles in your film oh
jack you're quite a joker i need some
advice
about a rather delicate matter
well it's about women oh well
then you've come to the right person
when it comes to women
in all modesty i'm sort of an expert
go ahead shoot but make it fast i have
to get to the gym oh well don't worry
it's like this if a woman
lets you mysteriously know that she's
keen on you
and if you didn't expect it but then you
find that you don't mind the gesture in
fact
because of these you find that you are
becoming fond of her
and if she acts as if nothing has
happened
whoa edward what are you getting at i
don't understand it
is this a new idea for a film because if
it is
you should think about rewriting this
script it seems very convoluted to me
jack stop joking it's a serious matter i
i just don't know how to behave
i i can't stand this situation
well
okay let's take this from the top
so a woman goes for you
however she doesn't do it openly
but then she pretends as if nothing has
happened
and as far as i can tell
you don't dislike the idea have i got it
exactly what should i do
well the fact her behavior
leads me to believe that she's fond of
games
so use that
play the mysterious man
and then surprise her with something
special
you know like take her out to dinner or
write her a poem or send her some red
roses women
really go for that kind of thing really
i got an idea
great this spot should work well
maybe here would be better and i'll put
the card
here next to this
give it a quick once over again
and i should have done this
long ago now
i can't wait any longer
listen to my poetry written especially
for you
you are perfume
the color of all flowers
the bread and scent of the sea
the worming strength of the sun you
the shining star
that lights my life
who knows if she'll like it
what about these roses will she like
them
what if she makes fun of me perhaps
i shouldn't have listened to jack but of
course of course
it makes no sense to go on as if nothing
has happened
somebody has to take the first step
i'll await you tomorrow night here
in the living room when everyone is
asleep
we'll be able to be alone finally
alone okay
that is done there is nothing more to do
now but wait
i'll be home soon thank god
alice won't be here at least for two
hours and jack is at the gym
yes i calculate everything perfectly
now it's time for me to leave as well i
don't want him to see me here
here she is it's time to go
excellent great edward
the moment of truth approaches
they'll never call me and i'ma to her
again
right fine bye-bye
where's the door open lovely cats
oh what are these
for me oh they're
beautiful i wonder who sent them
or what poetry who could have written it
no no man
are you thinking now don't be silly it
can't have been jack
oh my god but then again he's the only
person
i can imagine who would have written
such lovely poetry
oh my god oh what if it were jack
now that sharon is out of the picture
would have ever thought that that one
day
oh jack
hi anne hi alice my
aunt we feeling chirpy today yes
we are feeling chirpy i've just received
a mysterious and completely unexpected
surprise
so what is it what's all the suspense
for
i'm sorry alice i'd like to keep it a
secret for the time being
there's something i have to check up on
first
but don't worry i'll tell you soon
enough
now why don't you tell me how's it going
with
eduard by the look on your face i would
guess
things aren't going very well you said
it
a complete and utter disaster
i should never have written that card
why what's the matter
that's the problem nothing has happened
eduard acts as if he'd never read that
card
and yet i know he read it i'm absolutely
certain
why are you so sure well he told me
in no uncertain terms i fished around
vaguely and he admitted that something
strange
had happened and he also said that he
was
very pleased and then nothing
no words no actions
at this point i think he was referring
to something else entirely
or else i just have to accept the fact
that
he isn't interested in me oh don't get
depressed alice
if you want my opinion i think you
should have told him in person face to
face is always better than
playing games anyway you've still got
time
why don't you sit down and have an
earnest word with him no way
to be embarrassed further anyway
there's something fishy about this whole
story
either edward is acting like a complete
fool
or else he hasn't truly understood what
i feel for him
oh i need some clarity
from now on i'm going to scrutinize his
every news
[Music]
hi i'm so happy you have accepted my
invitation
what a strange voice you have i almost
wouldn't have recognized you
it's not real you can't imagine how i've
longed for this moment
oh really you don't say
to be truthful i'm rather emotional
myself oh i'm glad you feel that way
slow down boy i really don't want to
wake the others or the others never mind
who cares if they find out actually i'd
rather they didn't
you know how i am i'm shine reserved oh
what a pity
i know and that's why i'm crazy about
you
reserved with the others but you are a
tiger
when it comes to what you want come
again
ah you know exactly what i'm speaking
about
let's light a candle i want to see your
face
ah edwards what are you doing here
it's me don't worry
our date you don't remember
you are a little nervous come here baby
let go don't you dare touch me you
should be ashamed of yourself
hey what's going on in here
and what and
ah now i understand everything thanks a
lot and what a great
friend you are what an idiot i was to
confide in you
no really as it's not like you think
and what am i supposed to think then it
seems pretty clear to me
no no really let me explain
i thought it would be i thought it would
be jack what does
jack have to do with it why did you
leave me this knot in my napkin the
other day
edward it was me who wrote you that note
i can't believe you don't get it the
poetry and
the roses that was you
sorry about that i thought i'm so sorry
what amateur you are at what
hey anne hi
have you read the paper there's an
article about peter
our singer has become famous i haven't
read it
to tell you the truth i'm really not
interested
okay it's very interesting
hey alice
hi alice take a peek at the paper
there's an article about peter
whoopi glad to hear it who cares
how fun you girls are it's quite the
pleasure to hang out with you
edward at least you'll be interested
would you like to read this article
about our friend peter
actually i would on jack
would somebody explain what's going on i
have never seen so many long faces you
and your expert advice
what's eating him has he gone start
breathing mad
no jack i've gone star craving mad yet
again i played the fool
what an idiot
[Applause]
okay alice at least you'll explain
what's going on i'm in the dark here
it's a long story jack a horrible mess
all began with a misunderstanding well
i'm all ears
go on alice do tell
hi anne have you got a minute hi jack
i'd like to have a word you've probably
already heard the sordid story
yes listen no i want you to listen jack
probably had a good laugh on my behalf
now that said i prefer no further
comments on the story
it is not my intention to make fun of
you in a minute
although i must admit the whole
misunderstanding was rather amusing
great now pretty please let's not talk
about it anymore
i would like to have a word about it
what i'm about to say is be sure to
surprise you
nothing's bound to surprise me anymore
jack
anyway listen don't worry you don't have
to explain
i know how things are i know that you
like me but just as a friend
a friend that as well maybe if we met at
some other time
excuse me things would have gone
differently and then well perhaps
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah and
can i speak
for one minute please
yes
thank you go right ahead now
you know how how i suffered about
sharing
and after her i
i didn't think i'd ever feel anything
about another woman
but then you came back from your holiday
and
and i started to feel better i didn't
think about sharing so much
what are you getting at jack
and it was it was because of you
that that i managed to forget about
shannon
well that's what friends are for this
part
you really don't get it do you get what
jack
i'm trying to tell you that
i'm in love with you i i didn't
want to believe it at first i i thought
i was attracted to you
because i i felt so alone in the world
but then this feeling grew and and when
alice told me about edward i
i realized it should have been me to
bring you those flowers jack if this is
some kind of a joke it's not very
amusing
no no no no it's the truth i swear
we were made for each other
i should have realized it sooner i'm
sorry well jack
[Music]
so edward are you going to explain why
you called us all here today
what's so urgent well listen
something marvelous has happened to say
the list
i must say i'm a little unsure about
what you term marvelous
let's put aside our differences alice we
should all be
happy today oh just a moment
yep oh great great
don't worry they are certain to accept
i've already spoken with the group
yeah they are bound to be here any
moment
we'll be sure to get the details later
bye bye
edward do you plan on telling us what's
going on
well you all remember that i was in
touch with the producer
to propose whatever filming you in this
house
yes and he ate it up
he loved you all the house your daily
gossip your relationships
are great they have already arrived um
excuse me for a moment
i'll get it who's arrived
who come come here come in
this way what's going on
who are these people hold on now mr
martin the producer
has accepted my proposal we are going to
make some
tv shows here and you you
are going to be the stars you are bound
to become famous
and i've already come up with the title
at home with anne what do you think
oh my god
i have five pairs of sneakers
number two the same with i have so
remember
i have i have linked them together
puppy puppy is a young dog
and two kittens kitten
is a young cat
two kittens with s a puppy and two
kittens
kitten here you can say kitten
kitten so i have i have a puppy
and two kittens number three
and number four you remember
you we use half you
have beautiful eyes your eyes are
beautiful
you have beautiful eyes
now number four you have a lot
of money a lot of
linking together a lot of have
have a lottery have a lot of money
you have a lot of money
for number five and number six we
remember we have
we have one son
and one daughter we
have one son and one daughter don't say
daughter okay doctor
that means we have two children one
girl one boy and one girl we have one
son
and one daughter and for doctor
you can say daughter if you want
number six we have some interesting
books interesting
don't say interest okay interest
to intro intros with us
interest interesting interesting
interesting books she has
lingam together she has a stylish
handbag
12 she has two kids
two kids that means two children
two kids two children the same she has
two kids for 13 and 14
he he has
he has his own restaurant
that means the restaurant belongs to him
don't say restaurant or a restaurant
okay or restaurant is still okay but say
quickly restaurant
rest rest restaurant restaurant
he has his own restaurant
14 he has an
orange umbrella
that means he has an umbrella that is
orange the color orange color
orange remember g e j
orange umbrella
umbrella an orange umbrella
he has link them together he has an
orange
umbrella you you with
r right you are peter's
dad peter said that means you are the
dad
of peter you are peter's
dad so if i want to make the question
i want to know that if you are peter's
dead or not
i okay make the question now put b
r is b right now
we put r before you
so we have i you peter's
dead are you peter stat
for number 12 you
are the candidates
the candidates now remember you
can be one person or you
can be some or a lot of people so
you can be singular or plural
so here you are peter said i mean
one person but you are candidates with s
here plural nouns that mean you hear
a plural you are the
candidates if you are
a candidate that means you are
applying for a job or you are trying to
be elected
can d okay candidate
you are the candidates or
if i want to make the question i want to
ask you
if you are the candidate or not okay
just
put b before the subject
so we have are you the candidates
are you the candidates
for foreign
we remember we with
are right we are friendly
people that means we are friendly
people right friendly
friendly we are friendly people
for 14 we are
a big company
we are a big company company
don't say um company
okay it's not company it's company
company a big company
we are a big company
so if i want to make the question i want
to know
if our company is a big company or not
i have to ask are we okay so are
before we are we a big company
are we a big company
now for 15 they remember
they would are we have you we they
and rural nows go with r
they are our customers
customers customers
um okay if you are
my customer that means
um you are buying my products
or you are using my service so
customers they are
our customers number one and number two
i remember i the verb
infinitive so i like we don't
at ses or i i like
i like i liking okay i
like i like this
city i like this city
this city i like this city
now for number two i study remember the
base form study is the
base form we don't say i study in
or i studies or i to study
i study english
english i study english
for number three and number four you
you the infinitive so
you drive that car
you drive that car and number four
you play tennis you play tennis
we listen don't say we listen or
we listening okay we listen
to music listen has to go with two
uh if you say we listen music it is not
correct
we have to say listen to music
we listen to music
number six we wash our
bike wash our bike or
that means we clean our bike
by water wash
sh we wash our bike
don't say watches or watching we
wash our bike
seven and eight they
they would verb infinitive
so they speak
don't say speak okay long e speak
speak spa speak
spanish spanish
spanish is the language of spain
spanish okay they
speak spanish